# [An innovative image encryption scheme based on chaotic map and Vigenère scheme](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11042-016-3926-9)
>Confidentiality of images during data communication is a prime concern of many researchers, as a result, several mechanisms have been proposed for image encryption. An encryption for image is said to be effective if it has large key space, aperiodic nature and sensitive to the initial conditions. In addition, it is also desired that the mechanism must have a good combination of computational speed, security and time complexity. These features can be induced in the encryption schemes by incorporation of chaos during encryption/decryption process. In this paper, a novel image encryption scheme based on chaotic maps and Vigenère Scheme is proposed. This scheme has one round consisting of two steps: diffusion and confusion. The former step involves three stages: forward diffusion, matching process using Vigenère scheme and backward diffusion. In later part, position permutation using chaotic map is used to swap pixel positions. The proposed as well as other mechanisms in literature are implemented in Matlab-2015 and their efficacy are compared using several performance metrics. The simulation results show that our scheme is better in terms of time complexity while keeping Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR) values same and having almost ideal entropy, Number of Pixels Change Rate (NPCR) and Unified Average Changing Intensity (UACI).
#### For code please put in your request. 
